- [Instructor] Okay, the next part
is going to be a little bit more complicated.
Let's go over to the AWS console.
I've already opened the AWS management console
and logged in.
When you get to this point, we're going to click
on the username, go down to security credentials,
and you're going to need your AWS access key,
ID and AWS secret key.
If you go to access keys, we have a previous access key
that was created last time when we did the AWS tutorial.
If you do not remember, or did not save that,
this of time to go ahead and click create new access key.
I have mine already in a file, so I'm good.
Next, I want you to click on the AWS icon in the top left.
This will take you back to the home screen.
Then inside of the AWS services,
if Elastic Beanstalk is available, click on on that.
Otherwise go to the search and type Elastic Beanstalk.
The GitHub action we're going to use requires
that the app name
and the app environment are set in advance.
Mine already has one and I assume that you might as well.
So for this demo, we really want to clean slate going forward.
To delete these, select the radio button,
go up to actions and click terminate environment.
Then in the window,
you're going to type SpringBootProduction-dev.
I'm going to copy it and paste it in and click terminate.
This will probably take a few minutes.
When this is complete,
we're going to go and do some more configurations
for deploying our application.
We'll click on events to see how this is going.
As you can tell, there are a number of things happening here
between the leading auto scaling groups,
the leading load balancers, and environments, instances.
Next, we need to click on the applications link on the left
and then click the radio button of the application.
My page is already open so click the radio button,
click actions, and delete application.
I'm going to copy the Spring Boot production,
type it in and click delete.
Again, unfortunately this may take a few minutes.
Okay, with all of that done, let's create the application.
Click the button create application
and we're going to call this SpringBootProdApp.
We're going to scroll down to the platform.
We'll choose Java and Corretto 11 is fine for this.
At the bottom, we're going to click create application
allowing the sample app be selected.
This will take a few moments
but if we click on environments,
we should see our SpringBootProdApp environment created.
So the last step here is to make some configuration changes
and then we're going to go back to GitHub
and set our actions for auto deploying our code.
Inside of this environment,
we're going to click configuration
and then we'll click on software.
We're going to scroll down
'til we see the environment properties.
We're going to type server_port and we'll add 5000
which is what the Elastic Beanstalk configures
for Spring Boot JARs.
And then lastly, we're going to add SPRING_PROFILES_ACTIVE
with a value of prod.
With all of that done, we'll click apply
and we're ready to finish our GitHub action.
We're going to go back to our GitHub page
and we're going to use a workflow
called DylanBDev/beanstalk-deploy.
This workflow takes two GitHub secrets
which we need to configure.
Now to do this, we need to click on the settings gear
in the top right.
We'll click settings.
We'll go down to secrets
and we're going to add two repository secrets.
We'll click new repository secret.
The first repository secret will be our AWS access key ID.
The value for this is what you should have saved
in your file.
Paste the access key ID in.
We'll click add secret.
We'll add another secret.
And this one will be the AWS secret access key.
Paste that in.
We'll go to our file.
We'll copy that.
And we'll paste the secret key in
and we'll click add secret.
Next we need to go to IntelliJ and load our workflow
in the GitHub workflows folder.
Mine is already open.
And at the bottom just after retention days,
going to hit enter, roll over to the dash line,
type -name: Beanstalk Deploy for JAR.
Hit Enter.
We'll type uses and we'll type DylanBDev/Beanstalk-deploy.
And the version is @initial.
We'll hit Enter.
Here we'll type with:, hit enter.
Ensure you've tabbed the appropriate spaces.
And then next we're going to tie a AWS_access_key:.
We'll type $}.
Inside of this we'll type secrets.aws_access_key_ID.
Hit Enter.
We'll type AWS_secret_key:.
And for time like I'm going to copy this.
Paste it back down below.
Backspace a little bit.
Secret_access_key.
Go to the end and hit Enter.
We prefix these with secrets
to point at the secrets that we just created.
And GitHub knows to access the secret file
to look for these repository keys.
So the next line that we're going to type
is application_name: and this will be the name
of the Spring Boot app we created in AWS.
So we'll call SpringBootProdApp.
Let's go over back to our Chrome window
and validate this.
We'll click on applications.
SpringBootProdApp.
We'll go back to IntelliJ.
We'll hit new line
and now we're going to type the environment name.
Go back to AWS.
You can see the environment name listed here.
We'll click on the application, click on the environment.
I'm just going to copy this.
Go back to IntelliJ and paste this in.
We'll hit Enter again.
Now keep in mind that what we have typed so far
must match what's in the a AWS console.
The next thing that we're going to identify
is the version label.
Then we'll type version_label:
and I'm going to type
SpringBootProdApp-${{steps.time.outputs.time.
You probably remember this from the previous video.
This appends a timestamp attribute
that we set earlier to the app label.
This is important because Elastic Beanstalk uses S3 buckets
to stage the timestamp and the label keeps things unique.
If they're not unique,
the next time you go to deploy a change, AWS gets confused
with which S3 bucket to use and the JAR to deploy.
So at the end of this line, click next.
Now we're going to identify our region, colon,
if you don't know your region, go back to AWS again.
We'll click on the region, Ohio for me,
us-east-2, go back to IntelliJ.
I'll type us-east-2 and hit Enter.
Next we're going to type deployment_package:.
And this is going to be the name
and the directory of our built Spring Boot application.
So this will be
builds/libs/SpringBootProdApplication-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar.
Okay. Control + S to save this.
Now the build package must match the location
and the directory for this file.
The last thing to do here is to change the action
that it's fired upon.
If you remember in the last video,
we changed it from main to jar workflows.
We're going to change this back to the main branch.
Click save.
Go back down to the bottom.
We'll go to the terminal window,
type git add . git commit -m.
I'm going to type committing changes back to repo.
Close quotes, hit Enter.
We're going to push this to our repo.
Git push -u origin jar_workflow_aws.
Hit Enter.
And at this point, let's switch back in our browsers.
We'll open up the GitHub repository again.
Scroll back up, click on SpringBootProdApplication.
Let's click on actions.
No actions if fired because we have not pushed to the main.
We've only pushed it to the branch.
So we're going to click back on our code base again.
And we should see a message here as we do
that says compare and pull request.
We'll click on that.
Tells us that it's able to merge.
And so we'll leave a quick comment.
Things look good and getting excited.
We'll create the pull request.
We have a request to merge the pull request.
We're waiting for the checks to finish.
We'll go back to our actions to review what happened.
We'll click on the jar workflow AWS
and it's complaining because we have mistyped builds.
As you see there.
Let's go back to IntelliJ.
We'll correct the misspelling.
Save.
We will add it again, submit it, using the same message
and push it back to our jar workflows branch.
Going back to code, back to our pull request.
We're going to click new pull request.
We'll click compare.
We'll go to jar workflows AWS.
We can see now that there are files for us to compare.
We'll click view, pull request.
And at this point we know
that the pull request is actually fired off the action.
I'm going to go ahead and click merge pull request.
Confirm merge.
Pull request successfully merged and closed.
We'll go back up.
We'll click on our actions.
We can see that two workflows are running at this point.
One was for the initial test and the other is for the merge.
We'll go ahead and click on the merge pull request,
number one.
We'll click on build.
As we can see, click on the Beanstalk deploy,
shows that our code has been pushed,
environment updates successful.
I'm going to go ahead and click back on
our SpringBootProdApp environment now
and we'll click the link to see our application.